oh my god oh my god oh my God look at
this war tech that's just a ride from
Japan this is just stunning look at this
picture it's a pretty picture today
viewers it's phil from Edward Lee's just
have this stunning stunning s15 Sylvia
special or tech model arrived from Tokyo
thanks Nobu this is a ripper mate look
at the pretty body kit on this knee and
they're gorgeous rims and just the
lovely stance it's got this thing is
loaded up with beautiful gear 3-piece
rims
friends
where that comes from it looks good
though let me know if you know the brand
of this body kit it's a test for youtube
viewers pearl white that's the badge
that we're looking for very rare these
or tex they're getting extremely hard to
find in japan even sounds gorgeous just
one that's actually a phoenix body kit
if you didn't already know it's a very
good brand name in japan we've got a
beautiful pipe on it a full system
hooked up to the factory or tech extract
this
Stanny car inside and out this car is
like new absolutely no wear and tear on
it anywhere Sita perfect carpets the
door trims it's a non smokers how we got
the funky jazz going on I might just do
that down a little bit travel 67,000 k's
that's like new look at the steering
wheel gear knob
it must be a 2000 model because it's got
the adjustable xenon lights let's just
double check that for you yes I'm right
2000 model look at all the little bit
some detail see it's just beautiful
let's go probably one of the best or Tex
I've ever driven really nice and
responsive to drive have a listen to
this thing
under the bonnet that's got the right
gear as well I love these or Tex very
responsive actually prefer driving these
to the turbo because there's no lag you
just hit them up at low revs and they've
just put they're pulling and punching
nicely from very low revs they use less
fuel cheaper insurance because those
nice clear headlights there's no
milkiness or some fade on those lights
or original the guards have not been off
on this car have a look here all the
original finishes all the original
factory stickers original radiator
support to keep eating lunch off that
engine bay this is a stunning car
original bonnet you can see it's got the
original Japanese stickers that are
meant to be there so it's a non accident
car beautiful strut brace that's
actually a nismo strut grace all the
good brand names on this car look at
that nismo stuff race and HKS has my
focus HKS adjustable coilovers their
damn for adjustable their height
adjustable and their canberra adjustable
second whack on a two or three degrees
negative camber for your track day or
your drift day and away you go very nice
setup expensive suspension from HKS
those are actually factory extractors
that are part of the auto tech package
on there and they're really only perform
right when they hooked up to the right
exhaust system which it's all been done
on this car so I'm excited come and say
g'day that's my ugly mug there my name
is Phil thanks for watching this video
drop in have a coffee it will take you
for a run in this car or just give us a
call because this car is not likely to
stick around as soon as we get these or
Tex they snapped up usually within a day
or two
here's a little test for you youtube
viewers we're going to test your
knowledge here who can tell me what that
thing is they're interesting test who
can tell me what this thing is here on
the dash for the window little knowledge
test for the YouTube viewers they can
tell me what this thing is here in the
window you can tell me what that stuff
is there on the dash it's like a little
YouTube quiz you can tell me why this
knob on the end of the handbrake is a
blue color has a little knowledge test
for you guys out there sorry to be
sexist but only nine percent of females
watch this video so I'll refer to you as
guys hey thanks for watching this video
97 double 405 39 is the number to call
if you would like to hook up with it's
beautiful or tickets 15 ciao